Thus far we create our library of quotes and we're able to click favorite there and add quotes to our
quotes array.
Right now we're also able to add multiple or at the same code multiple times do it because we don't
really have a check here to avoid this.
We'll work on this soon.
But before doing this I want to output our favorite quotes here on the Favorites tab.
So let's work on this component or this page.
Next on the favorites page here our first clean up my class again my typescript class get rid of all
the things I don't need as of now.
And also clean up this comment in the generate a template.
And now the goal of course is to get to quotes.
So we do doesn't it have secret code obviously here all have quotes property which is of type quote
to be imported from our quote interface.
And of course it's not just one quote.
It's an array of quotes.
So these are these are the favorite quotes we have now in order to get them.
We of course need our quote servers so let's injected our quotes servers like this for on quotes service
or type quotes service of course make sure to also add this import at the top with the quote service
injected.
We need someplace to actually load our quotes.
Our favorite quotes.
And you could do this in the constructor.
You could do it as an engine in it.
You could do this and I interviewed did the load though again be aware that this will not be executed
if the page was cached so you might maybe get into some situation where you're not seeing the latest
state.
So I'm view will entrail looks pretty good.
This will always be executed even if the page was cached and will be executed right before it's displayed.
So in IDE you will enter.
I want to assign or I want to load my quotes assign them to the quotes property here and I do this for
the quote service which of course has Haraszti get favorite quotes method.
This is all this loads the array of favorite quotes.
Keep in mind it loads a copy of the durations views slice your slice with no arguments.
Just to bring this back to your attention.
Simply copy the whole array and gives us back a copy of that array.
So with that were loading the quotes were storing them in the quotes array.
Now it would be nice to output them in the template in that template here.
I want to first of all changed the title to favorite quotes.
And next I went to output a list of items.
Let's do this in the next video.